Rylee Tanaka
 Adam McDaniel
 Fernando Lopez
  Our program will be a pitch simulator. The user will be shown 5 different
 pitches and they will be able to choose which pitch to throw next. The
 program will read the user input of which to pitch is chosen. For example, 1
 would be a fastball, 2 a curveball, and 3 a slider. Based on the pitch that is
 chosen, the program will begin by randomizing the speed of the pitch.
 Different pitches have different speed ranges, for example, a fastball will have
 a range between 90 and 98 while a change-up will have a range between 70
 and 75. Then, the program will determine if the pitch chosen will be a ball or
 strike. As with the speeds, different pitches mean different odds of a strike.
 For example, a fastball will have a better chance of being a strike than a
 curveball. In a separate class, called PitchCount, the amount of balls and
 strikes will be stored. The class will check if the count reaches 3 strikes or 4
 balls. If the strikes reaches 3, the system will notify the user of a strike out. If
 the balls reaches 4, the program will notify the user of a walk. After a strike
 out or walk is recorded, the program will ask the user if they want to pitch to
 another batter.
  The names of our classes are really to understand. The PitchCount class will
 hold the current pitch count for the batter. It will also be able to determine
 whether the batter strikes out or walks. The Pitch class contains many
 different attributes. ballOrStrike determines if the pitch was a ball or a
 strike, pitchSpeed holds the actual speed of the pitch, and pitchType tells the
 type of pitch it was. The five pitches that the pitcher would be able to throw
 are a fastball, curveball, slider, change-up, and a knuckleball. Each are all
 Pitches and inherit all of the attributes. All will have the same attributes of
 pitchSpeed and ballOrStrike, but with different speeds and odds of a strike
 for each pitch. There is also a many to one association between Pitch and
 pitchCount. One pitchCount may contain an infinite amount of pitches,
 although this could only happen if we incorporated a foul ball into the
 program.
  Grace Hopper was a computer scientist and United States Navy Rear Admiral.
 She was one of the first people to program the Mark I computer. She then
 designed the first compiler, the A-O. She then developed the B-O compiler
 known now as FLOW-MATIC. She was one of the two technical advisers in
 the CODASYL Executive Committee, and several of her staff were members of
 the CODASYL Short Range Committee to define the basic COBOL language
 design. In 1969 she won the first ever Computer Science Man-of-the-Year
 Award and in 1973 she was the first United States citizen and the first
 women of any nationality to be made a Distinguished Fellow of the British
 Computer Society.